Clarify warn notification behavior in job notifications docs (#8989)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/deploy/job-notifications.md

description: "Set up notifications in dbt to receive email or Slack alerts about job run status."
---

Set up notifications in <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> to receive alerts about the outcome of a job run. You can choose to be notified by one or more of the following job run outcomes:

- **Succeeds** option &mdash; A job run completed successfully with no warnings or errors.

> - **Warns** option &mdash; A job run encountered warnings from [data tests](/docs/build/data-tests) or [source freshness](/docs/deploy/source-freshness) checks. This notification is triggered by warning-level log lines from those steps, not the job's overall run status. A job that shows "success" in the UI can still trigger a warn notification if test or freshness steps logged warnings.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Warns** option &mdash; A job run encountered warnings from [data tests](/docs/build/data-tests) or [source freshness](/docs/deploy/source-freshness) checks. This notification is triggered by warning-level log lines from those steps, not the job's overall run status. A job that shows "success" in the user interface can still trigger a warn notification if test or freshness steps logged warnings.
```

> - **Warns** option &mdash; A job run encountered warnings from [data tests](/docs/build/data-tests) or [source freshness](/docs/deploy/source-freshness) checks. This notification is triggered by warning-level log lines from those steps, not the job's overall run status. A job that shows "success" in the user interface can still trigger a warn notification if test or freshness steps logged warnings.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Warns** option &mdash; A job run encountered warnings from [data tests](/docs/build/data-tests) or [source freshness](/docs/deploy/source-freshness) checks. 
  - This notification is triggered by warning-level log lines from those steps, not the job's overall run status. A job that shows "success" in the user interface can still trigger a warn notification if test or freshness steps logged warnings.
```
